7 Keys To Top Knife Handles

顶级刀柄的7个要点

Know the keys to the best handle design to enhance your knife’s performance and safe use. Following are seven:

知道这些最好刀柄的设计要点可以增加你刀具的性能及使用安全性。以下7点：


1) According to ABS journeyman smith Dan Farr, the size of your hand is a key to arriving at the best handle for you. Longer hands require a larger handle diameter and thicker hands a smaller diameter. Wearing gloves works best with a longer and thinner handle. Remember that an eighth-inch difference in handle diameter means approximately a 3/8-inch difference in circumference.

1) 依照ABS的老牌金属工匠丹法尔所说，要打造一个最适合你的刀柄，你手的大小是一个衡量要点。手长的人需要一个大直径的刀柄，而手较粗的人需要一个小直径的刀柄。戴手套的话最好选择一个粗长一点的刀柄。谨记如果直径差1厘米意味着周长大约会差3厘米。



2) As for handle material, most synthetics tend to be stable, durable and often require no protective finish. Wood is strong for its weight, finishes well and adds beauty. Stag is somewhat limited in shape and size, but has good texture and adds traditional looks.

2）作为刀柄的材料，大多数合成材料往往更稳定耐用而且通常不需要做表面抛光处理。木头的优点在于其重量，表面抛光容易而且美观。鹿角的限制是外形及大小，但它有很好的质地纹理，而且看起来更传统。


3) Contoured and formed grips are great if they fit your hand, but the more form fit the handle, the fewer people it fits. Finger grooves are an example. They are nice if they fit your fingers, horrible if they do not. Handles with a single finger groove for the index finger will generally be versatile enough to fit many hand sizes.

3) 波浪状或者是带点人体工程学贴合手型的设计是最好的，前提是它适合你的手型，但是它越贴合你的手型，就代表着它贴合其他人手型的机会越少。指槽就是一个例子，如果它适合你的手指，那拿起来就非常舒服，否则会很难受，你会宁愿没有这个指槽。单指槽（食指）的刀柄一般来说对大多数手型通用。


4) Round handles have no natural indexing for the blade edge (natural indexing refers to the ability to know where the edge is by how the handle feels in your hand rather than having to look at the edge to know where it is). Oval handles are much more useful. They index the edge to the handle and add the ability to use twisting force.

4)圆形刀柄没有刀锋自然指引（自然指引是指不需要看，只通过刀柄在手里的感觉就知道刀锋在那里的功能）。椭圆形刀柄非常有用，你可以通过刀柄感觉到刀锋的位置，而且有旋转发力的功能。


5) Curving the butt of the handle down―also known as the dropped handle―will improve purchase.

5) 弧形刀柄头（也叫水滴头刀柄）会让你的刀更好卖。


6) A palm swell allows a relaxed, comfortable handhold. It keeps your hand in the same place on the handle, provides a natural pivot point and helps with retention.

6) 中间拱形会带来轻松舒服的手握感觉，它可以让你的手保持在刀柄的同一位置，提供一个自然的支点，并且对保持性也有帮助。


7) Guards are important safety features. A guard should blend with the contours of the grip and be strong, though in proportion to the rest of the knife.

7) 刀的护手是重要的安全特性，一个刀护手应该跟刀柄的整体轮廓融合，强度要足够，而且跟刀的其余部分比例匀称。